Application ----1991517623    RN7P7U3E

CORA java 
JRE , JDK , JVM 
	Cora java--- Here we have to discuss about java 
	
	What is java ?
->	Ans : Java is high level programming language. 
->  java is a wora or cora means "write once run anywhere" or "compile once run anywher".
->	It's developed by "JAMES GOSLING" with his "Team" under the project of 
	"Greek" an organzation of "sun microsystem".
	
	What is use of java ?
->  JAVA is mainly used to store the "DATA" and "MANIPULATE DATA".
->	It's used to develop stand alone application,web application and utility application or micro application or
	android appication.	
->	java is platform independent	
	
	JDK,JRE ,JVM
	JDK-JAVA DEVELOPMENT KIT
		It's Having JRE and Development tools.
		JDK = JRE+development tools.
		To develop the java application or modify the java java appication JDK is manditory.
		it's physical excists
		
	JRE-JAVA RUN ENVIRONMENT 
		JRE contains set of Libraries at jvm uses at the runtime.
		JRE=JVM+Libraries
		TO run the java appication it's JRE minimum required.
		it's physical excists
		it's dependent
		
	JVM -JAVA VIRTUAL  MACHINE 
		It's not physical excists.
		JVM provides runtime enviorment in which java bytecode can be executed.
		
		Tasks of JVM
	->	Loads the byte code 
		verify the byte code
		executes byte code 
		provide the run time enviorment
		JVM platform dependent.
		
	Points--->when the code will be compiled  bytecode/class file will be generated  

Data Types and Variables 
	Datatypes- it is used repersent the type of data to stored in the memory.
	There are Two types od DT
	primitive DT-[byte-1,boolean 1 bit,short 2 byte,char 2 byte ,int 4 byte ,long 8 byte ,float 4 byte ,double 8 byte]
	Non Primitive DT-[String,Arrays,Class,System etc..]
	
	Variables 
	Its one which holds the value or container, which can used in later stage of program.
	There are 4 types 
	Local varibale-
	instance varibale
	Static varibale
	parameter varibale
	















		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		